Hi, everyone, in this letter, we are going to create a form of validation for when one or more of
our input feels are empty.
All right, so I may not be able to complete this part in one in this this implementation in one lecture,
so it may span over two or three lectures.
So anyways, let's go ahead and let's do it.
So what it is that we want to do, we want to
validate the form, the form if one or more of the input feels are empty.
Okay, very good.
So first off, so this is programmed logic.
If one or more of input feels one or more of the input feels are empty.
So we are going to say if superhero.
Name equals an empty drink or superhero universe.
This is like simple English equals M is empty or superhero power.
Is empty.
What do I want to do, right, what it is that we want to do here?
So we want to for now, I just want to go ahead and say, Consul, lock error.
So let's do our and or else if they are not empty, so this this council is going to happen, whether
all three are empty, whether this one is empty and these two are felt, whether excuse me, whether
the middle one is felt and these two are empty.
So in any other scenario, even if one of these is empty or even if all three are empty, desk else
is not going to run.
And this if statement is going to run because this condition is going to hold true.
If and if all of them are full and are not empty, are filled out, then this condition is not going
to return.
True.
It's going to return false.
So we are going to switch to the statement.
OK, what do we want to do in the house?
We want to grab these guys and we want to put them in the house.
Very simple.
See simple stuff.
So if I were to click, we are going to see error.
So there is our error.
If I put the Superman and now these two are empty and if I click, we are going to see error once more,
even if I fill out two of them.
And if I click, we are going to see error.
But if I put in the third one and click now, we don't see any error.
You can see that and we get our data printed, our data listed.
So this is what we did here and, well, actually, we don't want to just go ahead and log it to the
cons. We want to create a validation error message and a validation success method.
So what I'm going to do is we are going to add another method to the last instance of the superhero
class.
We are going to call it validation error.
All right, and we are going to create one for the allies, which is validation, success.
Oops, what is that?
That's.
Not something that I want.
So.
What is on top of this?
Let me come near.
Oh, is this a different language?
I want.
Oh, I'm I am I have no idea what's going on here, so I'm going to pause the video and I'm going to
figure out why the language is messed up.
So and then I'm just going to come back in just one second.
All right.
The error is gone.
Well, actually, I had Turkish language installed.
Actually, I'm learning Turkish, so that's what happened.
So I just removed it from here so it never happens again.
So we have our revalidation success and we have our validation error.
Now, what we need to do is we need to go up in here inside the superhero list class and create these
two methods or functions.
Now, I'm I'm going to go over the concept.
Of course, we are not going to create them in this lecture.
Now, what is the concept?
The concept says that if even one of them or even if two of them or even if three of these inputs are
empty, run this function, what does this function going to do?
This function is going to print out this method message, even if even if one of them is empty or two
of them is to two of them is empty, it is going to run that function sorry, that message.
So that's the concept.
If all three of them are filled out, then run this part, which is the validation, success and add
superhero, unclear superhero and all that good stuff.
That's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.